Lab Number: 6
Program Name: Pseudo Code and Assignment Links
Author Name: Matthew Casiro
Author Email: mattcasiro@gmail.com
Submission Date: Feb 17th 2016
Est. Time to Complete: 7 hours
Act. Time to Complete: 5.5 hours
How to Run Program: navigate to:
   http://deepblue.cs.camosun.bc.ca/~cst583/comp170/ass6/

PURPOSE:
    Display a square, triangle, and sphere twice each in different colours using
    one html file to display the results, one php file to call the 'draw' functions,
    and another file with functions to draw the objects.

PSEUDO CODE
    HTML:
        Purpose: Draw shapes using drawMe.php and a parameter passed as "Query String"

        Call drawMe.php twice per shape, adjusting the query string each time.

    MAIN:
        Purpose: Call functions and output the resulting images.
        
        Require the file containing the image drawing functions

        Get object choice from calling page and call appropriate function

    FUNCTIONS:
        SQUARE:
            Purpose: Draw a square using provided canvas size, co-ordinates of
            lower-left corner, and length of one side. Also accepts background
            and foreground colours as RBG parameters.
            
            Create empty image, define background and foreground colours,
            and fill background
            
            Draw a square, write the image, and free up the memory used
            
        TRIANGLE:
            Purpose: Draw a triangle using provided canvas size, co-ordinates of
            lower-left corner, base, and height. Also accepts background and
            foreground colours as RBG parameters.
            
            Create an empty image, define background and foreground colours,
            and fill the background
            
            Create an array of points using calculations off base and height
            for a right angle triangle
            
            Draw a triangle, write the image, and free up the memory used
            
        CIRCLE:
            Purpose: Draw a circle using provided canvas size, co-ordinates of
            lower-left corner, and co-ordinates of center. Also accepts background
            and foreground colours as RBG parameters.
            
            Create an empty image, define background and foreground colours,
            and fill the background
            
            Draw a circle, write the image, and free up the memory used